-------------LEVEL 1--------------------------
Level 1 - 
Welcome to Level 1!
Objective - You will know about HIV 
Point1 - HIV stands for human autoimmunodeficiency virus.
Point2 - HIV infects white blood cells of your immune system causing your white blood cell count to drop.
Point3 - HIV is called a retrovirus, since it works backward to insert its instructions into your DNA.
Point4 - Initially, HIV makes you feel sick with flu-like symptoms,thereby hiding noticeable symptoms.
Point5 - HIV is spread by body fluids like sperms and vaginal fluid and not by hugs, kisses.
Point6 - When you begin to get certain illnesses that healthy people don't get, HIV has progressed to AIDS.

QUIZ LEVEL1 - 
Question - What points from below are correct about HIV:
1. HIV stands for hetero-immunodeficiency virus
2. HIV is called a retro virus, since it works backwards.
3. HIV infects red blood cells of your immune system causing your red blood cell count to drop.
4. HIV can spread by sharing food with an infected person.

(If 2 then) LEVEL 1 PASSED!
(Else) restart level 1.




-------------LEVEL 2--------------------------
Level 2 - 
Welcome to Level 2!
Objective - In this level you will know about AIDS
Point1 - AIDS stands for acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Point2 - AIDS is the final and most serious stage of an HIV infection.
Point3 - People with AIDS have very low counts of white blood cells and severely damaged immune systems.
Point4 - If you don't have HIV, you won't get AIDS. With HIV, treatment might help you not get AIDS at all.  
Point5 - Without treatment, almost all people living with HIV will advance to AIDS.
Point6 - AIDS can cause rapid weight loss, tiredness, ulcers, fevers, night sweats and skin decoloration.

QUIZ LEVEL2 - 
Question - What points from below are correct about AIDS:
1. AIDS stands for auto immunodeficiency syndrome.
2. AIDS is curable and can be completely prevented by treatment.
3. AIDS is a virus which causes HIV infection.
4. AIDS may cause unintended weight loss, mouth and genital ulcers.


(If 4 then) LEVEL 2 PASSED!
(Else) restart level 2.

--------------LEVEL 3------------------------
Level 3 - 
Welcome to Level 3!
Objective - In this level you will know about symptoms:
Point1 - The disease spreads more easily in the first few months after a person is infected.
Point2 - Initially, symptoms include influenza-like fever, headache, rash and sore throat.
Point3 - Then, there is asymptomatic stage with not visible or noticeable symptons.
Point4 - Symptoms now get visible like weight loss, chronic diarrhea, swolen lymph glands,etc.
Point5 - Due to severe damage to the immune system, the last stage or AIDS kicks in. 
Point6 - Without treatment, tuberculosis, meningitis, cancers such as Kaposi's Sarcoma can develop.
QUIZ LEVEL3 -
Question - What points from below are correct about symptoms of HIV/AIDS:
1. Those not infected with HIV, might still get infected with AIDS.
2. Initial symptoms include night sweats, swollen lymph nodes, diarrhea.
3. After getting infected, the virus does not show major symptoms for a long time.
4. Once infected with AIDS, you will certainly develop cancer complications.

(If 2 and 3 then) LEVEL 3 Passed!
(Else) restart level 3.

--------------LEVEL 4--------------------------
Level 4 - 
Objective - In this level you will learn about the Diagnosis and Tests for HIV.
Point1 - For HIV, you can be tested by blood or saliva at your home or a healthcare facility.
Point2 - There are three types of tests: antigen tests, antibody tests and nucleic acid tests.
Point3 - HIV treatment includes taking combination of pills by mouth, called antiretroviral therapy (ART).
Point4 - ARTs goal is to reduce HIV level to an extent so as to reduce its weakening effect on immune system.
Point5 - Time between exposure and when it becomes detectable is called window period. 
Point6 - Side-effects of ART vary and may include nausea, headache and dizziness, which are temporary.

QUIZ LEVEL4-
Question - Select the correct answers:
1. Tests for HIV include taking a single pill everyday by mouth called ART.
2. ART helps in curing and completely eliminating HIV.
3. Testing of HIV during window period will likely result in negative result.
4. INstead of HIV virus, HIV antibodies are detected in antibody tests.

(IF 3 and 4) then LEVEL 4 Passed!
(Else) restart level 4.



--------------LEVEL 5--------------------------
Level 5 - 
Objective - In this level you will learn about the Prevention and Management of HIV.
Point1 - Having sex without a condom and sharing needles to take drugs are the most common ways that HIV spreads.
Point2 - Use latex condoms instead of condoms made form animal product (like lambskin).
Point3 - Doctors do suggest medicines like Antiretroviral drugs (ARVs) to help prevent HIV.
Point4 - Pre-exposure Prophylaxis(PrEP) is a pill to take everyday if you don't have HIV but are at high risk .
Point5 - If exposed to HIV, you should contact your healthcare provider about post-exposure Prophylaxis (PEP).
Point6 - Take medications as directed to manage existing risk factors for HIV as recommended by your healthcare.

QUIZ LEVEL5-
Question - 
1. If you had a sexual partner with HIV in the past, you shouldn't be worried about getting HIV.
2. You can have sex without condoms, as long as you take PEPs or PrEPs everyday.
3. If you have never been exposed to any STI, then no need to test for any in the future.
4. ARVs can prevent passing HIV from mothers to their children.

(IF 4) then LEVEL 5 Passed!
(Else) restart level 5.
--------------------------------------------------------------




Point4 - Symptoms - Increased thirst, Incresed hunger, Fatigue
Point5 - Symptoms - Slow healing, Unexplained weight loss, Dry skin, Frequent urination











* the points are generaly thought of and worried about
* small and concise points, which keeps the game interesting
* prepared personalized questionarrie for the different diseases and conditions
* The complexity of levels increase with levels
* progressive information guides the player to take the information in a effective manner
like first intro, then general info,  signs symptoms, then Diagnosis, then management and treatment
* the questions aim to break the general perceptions or stereotypes
* the questions also teach sometime, the questions are different from the knowledge points so the importance of level also increases

