-------------LEVEL 1--------------------------
Level 1 - 
Welcome to Level 1!
Objective - You will know about Alzheimers:
Point1 - Alzheimer’s disease causes a decline in memory, thinking, learning and organizing skills over time. 
Point2 - It’s the most common cause of dementia and usually affects people over the age of 65.
Point3 - There’s no cure for Alzheimer’s, but certain medications and therapies can help manage symptoms temporarily.
Point4 - Dementia describes the state of a person’s mental function. It’s not a specific disease.
Point5 - A person with dementia has a change in or decline in memory, reasoning, language, behaviour.
Point6 - At the most severe stage, a person depends completely on others for help with simple daily tasks.

QUIZ LEVEL1 - 
Question - What points from below are correct about Alzheimer's:
1. Alzheimer is curable.
2. Alzheimer’s disease (AD) is the most common cause of dementia.
3. Dementia and Alzheimer are the same.
4. Dementia limits the daily functioning of the person over time.

(If 2,4 then) LEVEL 1 PASSED!
(Else) restart level 1.




-------------LEVEL 2--------------------------
Level 2 - 
Welcome to Level 2!
Objective - In this level you will know about Alzerimer and Dementia:
Point1 - Dementia is a syndrome that can be caused by a number of diseases which over time destroy nerve cells. 
Point2 - Dementia has physical, psychological, social and economic impacts.
Point3 - Smoking, physically inactive, high blood pressure and sugar , obesity, depression increase the risk of dementia.
Point4 - Stages of Alzheimer start from preclinical Alzheimer, then mild cognitive impairment and finally severe dementia.
Point5 - Alzheimer’s disease is common. It affects approximately 24 million people across the world.
Point6 - In advanced stages, severe loss of brain function can cause dehydration, malnutrition or infection. 

QUIZ LEVEL2 - 
Question - What points from below are correct about Dementia and Alzheimer:
1. People with AD in the preclinical stage typically have no symptoms (are asymptomatic).
2. Alzheimer's disease causes a decline in the ability to make sensible decisions and judgments.
3. Cause of Alzheimer is failure of muscle proteins to function.
4. Alzheimer causes the brain to swell and brain cells to die.


(If 1 and 2  then) LEVEL 2 PASSED!
(Else) restart level 2.

--------------LEVEL 3------------------------
Level 3 - 
Welcome to Level 3!
Objective - In this level you will know about symptoms and signs of Alzheimer and Dementia
Point1 - Memory loss is the key symptom of Alzheimer's disease.
Point2 - Early signs include difficulty remembering recent events or conversations. 
Point3 - Everyone has memory lapses at times, but the memory loss associated with Alzheimer's disease persists and gets worse. 
Point4 - Alzheimer's disease causes difficulty concentrating and thinking, especially about abstract concepts such as numbers.
Point5 - Brain changes that occur in Alzheimer's disease can affect moods and behaviors.
Point6 - In the final stage of Alzheimer’s, the person often becomes vulnerable to infections, especially pneumonia.

QUIZ LEVEL3 -
Question - Which of the following is a key symptom of Alzheimer's disease and dementia?
1. Difficulty remembering past events
2. Enhanced concentration and abstract thinking abilities
3. Improved memory retention over time
4. Persistent memory loss, especially regarding recent events or conversations

(If  4 then) LEVEL 3 Passed!
(Else) restart level 3.

--------------LEVEL 4--------------------------
Level 4 - 
Objective - In this level you will learn about the Diagnosis and Tests for Alzheimer and Dementia.
Point1 - An important part of diagnosing Alzheimer's disease includes being able to explain your symptoms. 
Point2 - Input from a close family member or friend about the symptoms and their impact on the daily life helps. 
Point3 - Biomarker tests include specific types of PET scans and tests that measure amyloid and tau proteins in the blood fluid.
Point4 - Diagnosing Alzheimer's disease would likely include physical and neurological exam, lab tests, neuropsychological testing.
Point5 - Brain imaging by MRI or CT scan is used to pinpoint visible changes related to conditions other than Alzheimer's disease.
Point6 - During a PET scan, a low-level radioactive tracer is injected into the blood to reveal a particular feature in the brain.

QUIZ LEVEL4-
Question - What are some methods used in diagnosing Alzheimer's disease and dementia?
1. Self-diagnosis based on internet research
2. Physical and neurological exams
3. Astrology readings
4. An MRI is generally preferred to a CT scan to evaluate dementia.

(IF 2 and 4) then LEVEL 4 Passed!
(Else) restart level 4.



--------------LEVEL 5--------------------------
Level 5 - 
Objective - In this level you will learn about the Management and Treatment of Alzheimer and Dementia.
Point1 - There’s no cure for Alzheimer’s disease, but certain medications can temporarily slow the worsening of dementia symptoms.
Point2 - Beginning treatment as early as possible for Alzheimer’s could help maintain daily functioning for a while. 
Point3 - The FDA has approved two types of drugs to treat Alzheimer's disease: Cholinesterase inhibitors and NMDA antagonists.
Point4 - The FDA has given accelerated approval for aducanumab, the first disease-modifying therapy for Alzheimer’s disease. 
Point5 - Medications that may help in some are antidepressants, anti-anziety drugs, anticonvulsant and antipsychotic drugs.
Point6 - Memantine is FDA-approved for treating moderate to severe Alzheimer’s disease. It helps keep certain brain cells healthier.

QUIZ LEVEL5-
Question - 
What are some methods used in managing and treating Alzheimer's disease and dementia?
1. Meditation and yoga
2. Herbal remedies and supplements
3. Pharmacological interventions such as cholinesterase inhibitors and NMDA antagonists
4. Medicines to control blood pressure and cholesterol can prevent additional damage to the brain

(IF 3 and 4) then LEVEL 5 Passed!
(Else) restart level 5.
--------------------------------------------------------------










* the points are generaly thought of and worried about
* small and concise points, which keeps the game interesting
* prepared personalized questionarrie for the different diseases and conditions
* The complexity of levels increase with levels
* progressive information guides the player to take the information in a effective manner
like first intro, then general info,  signs symptoms, then Diagnosis, then management and treatment
* the questions aim to break the general perceptions or stereotypes
* the questions also teach sometime, the questions are different from the knowledge points so the importance of level also increases

