-------------LEVEL 1--------------------------
Level 1 - 
Welcome to Level 1!
Objective - You will know about Diabetes
Point1 - Diabetes is a condition that happens when your blood sugar is too high.
Point2 - It develops when the pancreas doesn't make enough(or no) insulin to digest the sugars.
Point3 - There are multiple types of diabetes - majorly Type1 and Type2 diabetes.
Point4 - Both Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes can be influenced by genetics, means inherited.
Point5 - Apart from genetics, a sedentary life, poor diet, excessive body fat can cause diabetes.
Point6 - Chronic high blood sugar level can cause problems like heart disease, nerve damages and eye issues.

QUIZ LEVEL1 - 
Question - What points from below are correct about Type2 diabetes:
1. Diabetes is a condition that occurs when your blood sugar is too low.
2. Chronic high blood sugar levels cause complications such as heart disease.
3. It can affect the eyes, leading to conditions like diabetic retinopathy.
4. Pancreatitis or removal of part or all of the pancreas, can lead to diabetes.

(If then) LEVEL 1 PASSED!
(Else) restart level 1.




-------------LEVEL 2--------------------------
Level 2 - 
Welcome to Level 2!
Objective - In this level you will know about "Type 2 Diabetes" - Most Common Type
Point1 - This is the most common type of diabetes, where the body doesn't make enough insulin.
Point2 - This mainly affects adults. The body cells don't respond to insulin.
Point3 - Without treatment - it can cause heart disease, kidney diesease and stroke.
Point4 - Risk Factors for Type2 diabetes : Overweight, Obese, High BP, High Cholestrol.
Point5 - Management - More exercises, Eat variety of nutritious food, Blood sugar monitoring.
Point6 - With lifestyle changes this disease can be reversed to a large extent.

QUIZ LEVEL2 - 
Question - What points from below are correct about Type2 diabetes:
1. Having Overweight does not increase risk towards diabetes.
2. Type2 diabetes happens only by heredity of the same condition.
3. During this, you feel more thirsty and hungrier than usual.
4. In Type2 diabetes, the pancreas do not produce enough insulin.


(If 3 and 4 then) LEVEL 2 PASSED!
(Else) restart level 2.

--------------LEVEL 3------------------------
Level 3 - 
Welcome to Level 3!
Objective - In this level you will know about "Type1 diabetes"
Point1 - It is chronic(life-long) disease that prevents your pancreas from making insulin.
Point2 - It needs dialy management with synthetic insulin injections and blood sugar monitoring.
Point3 - Anyone at can develop this, but the ages 4 to 6 and in early puberty are at more risk.
Point4 - Symptoms are Fatigue, Excessive hunger & thirst, Frequent urination and blurred vision.
Point5 - Untreated Type1 diabetes can be life-threatening and can be diagonised with Blood glucose test.
Point6 - It is not caused by eating too much sugar, as Type1 diabetes is an autoimmune condition.

QUIZ LEVEL3 -
Question - What points from below are correct about Type1 diabetes:
1. Children at more risk for Type1 diabetes and develop high blood sugar level
2. For Type1 diabetes it is necessary to take synthetic insulin every day.
3. Lifestyle management is no where related to Type1 diabetes at all.
4. Type1 diabetes is caused by excessive intake of sugary foods.

(If 1 and 2 and 3 then) LEVEL 3 Passed!
(Else) restart level 3.

--------------LEVEL 4--------------------------
Level 4 - 
Objective - In this level you will learn about the Diagnosis and Tests for diabetes.
Point1 - For Diagnosis you can take a Fasting Blood glucose test which indicates  your blood sugar levels.
Point2 - For this test, you don't eat or drink anything except water for at least eight hours before the test.
Point3 - The food can greatly affect the blood sugar, and the test aims to see the baseline blood sugar levels.
Point4 - The sugar levels less than 100(mg/dL) are normal; 100 to 125 indicate prediabetes.
Point5 - The sugar levels above 126(mg/dL) indicates diabetes. Several other checks determine its type.
Point6 - Chronic high blood sugar levels can cause severe irreverisble complications like shortening of lifespan.

QUIZ LEVEL4-
Question - Select the correct answers:
1. A person with blood sugar level of 150(mg/dL) is not a diabetic patient.
2. You can drink or eat anything before your fasting blood sugar test.
3. Your body gets used to chronic high blood sugar levels with time.
4. You can take the fasting blood sugar test at home or in a clinic.

(IF 1 and 4) then LEVEL 4 Passed!
(Else) restart level 4.



--------------LEVEL 5--------------------------
Level 5 - 
Objective - In this level you will learn about the Management and Treatment of diabetes.
Point1 - Meal planning and choosing a healthy diet greatly impacts the blood sugar levels.
Point2 - If you take insulin, then counting carbs in the foods and drinks is a large part of management.
Point3 - Physical activity increases insulin sensitivity and helps reduce insulin resistance.
Point4 - It is crucial to limit alcohol intake or avoid it and quit smoking for the medications to work.
Point5 - Getting adequate sleep, of typically 7-9 hours or seek treatment for sleep disorders.
Point6 - Take medications as directed to manage existing risk factors for heart disease.

QUIZ LEVEL5-
Question - 
1. Physical exercise decrease the insulin levels and should be avoided during diabetes.
2. You should consult a doctor if you have symptoms like increased thirst and frequent urination.
3. With proper management, people with diabetes can and should engage in physical activities.
4. Many women with diabetes can have healthy pregnancies and deliver healthy babies.

(IF 1 and 2 and 3 and 4) then LEVEL 5 Passed!
(Else) restart level 5.
--------------------------------------------------------------




Point4 - Symptoms - Increased thirst, Incresed hunger, Fatigue
Point5 - Symptoms - Slow healing, Unexplained weight loss, Dry skin, Frequent urination











* the points are generaly thought of and worried about
* small and concise points, which keeps the game interesting
* prepared personalized questionarrie for the different diseases and conditions
* The complexity of levels increase with levels
* progressive information guides the player to take the information in a effective manner
like first intro, then general info,  signs symptoms, then Diagnosis, then management and treatment
* the questions aim to break the general perceptions or stereotypes
* the questions also teach sometime, the questions are different from the knowledge points so the importance of level also increases

