-------------LEVEL 1--------------------------
Level 1 - 
Welcome to Level 1!
Objective - You will know about COPD:
Point1 - COPD is a chronic inflammatory lung disease that causes obstructed airflow from the lungs.
Point2 - Caused by long-term exposure to irritating gases or particulate matter, often from cigarette smoke.
Point3 - People with COPD are at increased risk of developing heart disease, lung cancer and other conditions.
Point4 - COPD is not curable but symptoms can improve if one avoids smoking and exposure to air pollution.
Point5 - Emphysema and chronic bronchitis are the two most common conditions that contribute to COPD. 
Point6 - Asthma and COPD are similar in many ways, however COPD is chronic and progressive, unlike Asthma.

QUIZ LEVEL1 - 
Question - What points from below are correct about COPD:
1. COPD stands for Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
2. Smoking and air pollution are the most common causes of COPD. 
3. COPD is acute disease and completely curable with proper treatment.
4. COPD is an umbrella term for a range of progressive lung diseases.

(If 1,2,4 then) LEVEL 1 PASSED!
(Else) restart level 1.




-------------LEVEL 2--------------------------
Level 2 - 
Welcome to Level 2!
Objective - In this level you will know about Chronic Bronchitis and Emphysema:
Point1 - Chronic bronchitis irritates your bronchial tubes, which carry air to and from your lungs. 
Point2 - In response, the tube swells and mucus builds up along the lining.
Point3 - Small, hair-like structures called cilia are damaged as a result of chronic bronchitis.
Point4 - Emphysema is the breakdown of the walls of the tiny air sacs (alveoli) at the end of the bronchial tubes.
Point5 - The air sacs play a crucial role in transferring oxygen into your blood and carbon dioxide out.
Point6 - Damage caused by Emphysema to the walls of air sacs makes it hard to get a full breath.

QUIZ LEVEL2 - 
Question - What points from below are correct about Chronic Bronchitis and Emphysema:
1. Chronic Bronchitis damages the walls of air sacs, making harder to breath.
2. Emphysema is caused by allergens.
3. Chronic Bronchitis damages small hair-like structures called cilia.
4. Emphysema causes daily cough and mucus production in the bronchial tubes.


(If 3 then) LEVEL 2 PASSED!
(Else) restart level 2.

--------------LEVEL 3------------------------
Level 3 - 
Welcome to Level 3!
Objective - In this level you will know about symptoms and signs of COPD
Point1 - COPD symptoms often don't appear until significant lung damage has occurred. 
Point2 - Symptoms may include shortness of breath, wheezing, chronic cough with mucus, swelling in ankles, feets.
Point3 - Infected people also experience expisodes like exacerbations during which symptoms become worser. 
Point4 - Some people with COPD get frequent respiratory infections such as colds and the flu.
Point5 - COPD and asthma share common symptoms (cough, wheeze and difficulty breathing) and people may have both.
Point6 - People with COPD have a higher risk for lung infections, cancer, heart problems, depression and anxiety.

QUIZ LEVEL3 -
Question - What points from below are correct about COPD
1. As COPD progresses, people find it more difficult to carry out their normal daily activities.
2. Symptoms show up as soon as person gets COPD.
3. A chronic cough that may produce white, green or yellowish mucus is a symptom of COPD.
4. You should consult healthcare provider if unexplained weight loss, blood in mucus, sustained swelling in feets.

(If 1 and 3 and 4 then) LEVEL 3 Passed!
(Else) restart level 3.

--------------LEVEL 4--------------------------
Level 4 - 
Objective - In this level you will learn about the Diagnosis and Tests for COPD.
Point1 - To assess your lungs, your healthcare provider will take your medical history, perform a physical exam.
Point2 - Physical Exam includes checking blood pressures, examining ENT, checking for swellings in feets.
Point3 - Providers use a simple test called spirometry to see how well your lungs work which includes blowing air.
Point4 - Other tests includes pulse oximetry, chest CT-scan, arterial blood gases and ECGs.
Point5 - There are 4 stages of COPD, mild COPD with slight breathing difficulty, then moderate to severe COPD. 
Point6 - The last stage, very severe COPD includes shortness of breath for everything and need suplemental oxygen.

QUIZ LEVEL4-
Question - Select the correct answers:
1. X-ray can show Emphysema and rule out other lung problems or heart failure.
2. CT scans can detect Emphysema and screen lung cancer.
3. Lab tests are used to diagnose COPD to determine the cause of your symptoms.
4. With stage 2 or higher COPD, you also become prone to lung infections like bronchitis and pneunomia.

(IF 1 and 2 and 4) then LEVEL 4 Passed!
(Else) restart level 4.



--------------LEVEL 5--------------------------
Level 5 - 
Objective - In this level you will learn about the Management and Treatment of COPD.
Point1 - COPD isn’t curable, but it can get better by not smoking, avoiding air pollution and getting vaccines.
Point2 - There are several treatments like inhaling medicines, steroid pills, pulmonary rehabilitation and surgery.
Point3 - Bronchodilator inhalers are the most important medicines as they relax the airways to keep them open.
Point4 - Lifestyle changes can improve COPD, quit smoking or vaping, protect yourself from lung infections.
Point5 - Some inhalers open the airways and may be given regularly to prevent or reduce symptoms.
Point6 - Inhaled corticosteroids are sometimes given in combination with these to reduce inflammation in the lungs. 

QUIZ LEVEL5-
Question - Select the correct answers: 
1. Inhalers are used for reducing or preventing some symptoms.
2. Inhaled medicines that open and reduce swelling in the airways are the main treatments.
3. Whatever changes incorporated in lifestyle can't improve COPD once worsen.
4. Antivirals are used to prevent illness caused by virals mainly influenza which is dangerous for people with COPD.

(IF 1 and 2 and 4) then LEVEL 5 Passed!
(Else) restart level 5.
--------------------------------------------------------------










* the points are generaly thought of and worried about
* small and concise points, which keeps the game interesting
* prepared personalized questionarrie for the different diseases and conditions
* The complexity of levels increase with levels
* progressive information guides the player to take the information in a effective manner
like first intro, then general info,  signs symptoms, then Diagnosis, then management and treatment
* the questions aim to break the general perceptions or stereotypes
* the questions also teach sometime, the questions are different from the knowledge points so the importance of level also increases

