-------------LEVEL 1--------------------------
Level 1 - 
Welcome to Level 1!
Objective - You will know about Heart Attack
Point1 - A heart attack is a condition resulting because of restricted blood flow to your heart muscle.
Point2 - It generally occurs due to blockage in one or many heart's arteries.
Point3 - Due to lack of blood flow, pumping of blood to body is disrupted, leading to death if not treated.
Point4 - The blockage is usually due to a buildup of fat, cholestrol-containing deposists called plaques.
Point5 - If a plaque ruptures, a blood clot is formed causing a attack and killing tissue in heart muscle.
Point6 - Heart attack is very commonly due to coronary artery disease and is cause of most deaths.

QUIZ LEVEL1 - 
Question - What points from below are correct about Type2 diabetes:
1. Heart Attack is due to physical injury on the heart or its arteries.
2. Heart Attack is a normal condition and no special help is required.
3. Heart Attack is also known as Myocardial Infarction.
4. Heart Attack is also called cardiac arrest.

(If then) LEVEL 1 PASSED!
(Else) restart level 1.




-------------LEVEL 2--------------------------
Level 2 - 
Welcome to Level 2!
Objective - In this level you will know about Cardiac Arrest :
Point1 - Sudden Cardiac Arrest is the sudden loss of all heart activity due to irregular heart rhythm.
Point2 - Without immediate treatment, sudden cardiac arrest can lead to death.
Point3 - Sudden cardiac arrest isn't the same as a heart attack.Sudden cardiac arrest is not due to blockage.
Point4 - Emergency treatment include CPR and shocks to the heart with automated external defibrillator (AED).
Point5 - Sudden cardiac arrest can happen in people with and without heart diseases. 
Point6 - Abnormal heart rhythms (arrhthymias) cause most sudden cardiac arrests.

QUIZ LEVEL2 - 
Question - What points from below are correct about Cardiac Arrest:
1. If a person suffers sudden chest pain, then wait for emergency services to come help.
2. Cardiac Arrest happens due to heavy blockage of heart arteries.
3. Cardiac Arrest can only happen if you've got any heart diseases.
4. Emergency treatment for cardiac arrest include giving CPR with regular resxue breaths.


(If 4 then) LEVEL 2 PASSED!
(Else) restart level 2.

--------------LEVEL 3------------------------
Level 3 - 
Welcome to Level 3!
Objective - In this level you will know about symptoms and signs of heart attack:
Point1 - Symptoms include chest pain, troubled breathing, insomnia, nausea, dizziness.
Point2 - People assigned male at birth have different symptoms than those assigned female.
Point3 - Females are gonna feel less chest pain or discomfort and more fatigue and insomnia.
Point4 - Sometimes, the first symptom sign of a heart attack is sudden cardiac arrest.
Point5 - Symptoms of cardiac arrest include heart attack, chest pain, fainting, brugada syndrome.
Point6 - Cardiac Arrest can result due to heart valve disease, cardiomyopathy, history of fainting.

QUIZ LEVEL3 -
Question - Which of the following is a common symptom of both a heart attack and cardiac arrest?
1. Chest pain or discomfort
2. Numbness or tingling in the extremities
3. Sudden loss of consciousness
4. Difficulty breathing or shortness of breath

(If 1 then) LEVEL 3 Passed!
(Else) restart level 3.

--------------LEVEL 4--------------------------
Level 4 - 
Objective - In this level you will learn about the Diagnosis and Tests for Heart Attack.
Point1 - For diagnosis, if you have heart attack symptoms, you should undergo a physical examination.
Point2 - Many tests are performed like blood tests, ECG, Echocardiogram, Coronary Angiogram, Heart MRI.
Point3 - An echocardiogram uses sound waves to create an image of the heart's chambers and valves.
Point4 - MRI test uses powerful magnetic field to create an image of heart which can show the desired problems.
Point5 - In the case of Cardiac arrests quick diagnosis is required otherwise the consition can be fatal.
Point6 - A person's symptoms are often the best way to diagnose cardiac arrest if they are unconscious.

QUIZ LEVEL4-
Question - Which of the following statements about diagnosis and tests for heart attack is/are correct?
1. A physical examination is typically conducted if heart attack symptoms are present.
2. Blood tests, ECG, echocardiogram, coronary angiogram, and heart MRI are commonly performed tests for diagnosis.
3. An echocardiogram utilizes magnetic waves to generate an image of the heart's chambers and valves.
4. MRI testing employs a powerful sound waves to produce an image of the heart, revealing potential issues.
(IF 1 and 2) then LEVEL 4 Passed!
(Else) restart level 4.



--------------LEVEL 5--------------------------
Level 5 - 
Objective - In this level you will learn about the Management and Treatment of heart attacks.
Point1 - Treating a heart attack means restoring blood flow to the affected heart muscle as soon as possible.
Point2 - After attack treatment includes medications for anti-clotting, thrombolytic, anti-arrhthymias.
Point3 - People having trouble breathing or with low blood oxygen levels often receive supplementary oxygen.
Point4 - Angioplasty, pacemaker, bypass surgery are the most used treatments and in some cases heart transplant.
Point5 - Sudden cardiac arrest can be fatal if it lasts longer than eight minutes without CPR. Hence perform CPR.
Point6 - Use an AED, if available. CPR with defibrillator rescues a person from sudden cardiac arrest.

QUIZ LEVEL5-
Question - Choose the correct option(s):
1. Defibrillation can restart the person's heart if they haven't received a shock from an AED yet.
2. Treating heart attack means increasing oxygen level of the body.
3. Angioplasty opens the blocked artery by using a balloon or by removing the plaque buildup.
4. Morphine is administered as a pain medication which helps alleviate chest pain.

(IF 1 and 3 and 4) then LEVEL 5 Passed!
(Else) restart level 5.
--------------------------------------------------------------








* the points are generaly thought of and worried about
* small and concise points, which keeps the game interesting
* prepared personalized questionarrie for the different diseases and conditions
* The complexity of levels increase with levels
* progressive information guides the player to take the information in a effective manner
like first intro, then general info,  signs symptoms, then Diagnosis, then management and treatment
* the questions aim to break the general perceptions or stereotypes
* the questions also teach sometime, the questions are different from the knowledge points so the importance of level also increases

